what up fish tank people fishtanktv.com
dustinsfishtanks trying to bring it to
you on a Wednesday was in the chat last
night yes I actually go into the chat
and I was chatting up with some people
that are in there all the time my man
Justin tang and my man Eric and Winston
and only both of these guys
simultaneously got me in the chat and
they're asking me about lighting so I
want to talk about lighting today I want
to talk about the intensity of lighting
and then I want to talk about some
old-school stuff that's going on so
here's what's up I want to talk about
the intensity of lighting because I
think a lot of people kind of overlook
one of the big big the big things that
kind of harp on and that's when you're
doing your tank you want to emulate
nature and one of the things that I do
in my tanks that is kind of interesting
I just want to talk about light
intensity basically and here's how it
goes so in this tank right here I've got
150 watts 150 watts and then the one of
the Middle's not on so you're looking at
300 Watts over a only 200 and gallon
tank okay so it's not that great
intensity I'll be at the halides put out
a little more bang for the buck than
fluorescence but if I had that all three
of them to be 450 now this tank has been
run with as little as 120 watts okay and
I bring this up because Justin and I
were talking and he was asking me about
my 90 gallon and he goes how many watts
you run it on your 90 gallon and I told
him the truth I said I got thirty two
times two which is 64 so I've got less
than one watt per gallon on my 90 gallon
tank and as you can see you know it's
not doing too bad he coincidentally just
had a coral life correct me if I'm wrong
on this bro coral life ballast that went
out on him so he's got 240 watts on his
90 gallon tank kind of a different
ballgame and I bring this up because
Klaus shoot what's his last name I
forget Klaus that spoke at the aga gave
an interesting talk and he showed about
aquarium plants and their natural
setting and how in different stages of
the year they'll be like completely out
almost out above the water and just have
like super super bright sunlight and
then in other parts of the year he
showed this river that was completely
like during flooding season it just like
super filled up and the plants probably
got hardly any daylight at all so I
bring this up because plants can handle
a magnitude of light now the plants that
I talked about are mainly for the low
tech tanks so you know keep that in mind
some of the harder stuff some of the
crazy row Tellez and stem plants they're
gonna need a lot more light in nutrients
but for for the sake of the plants that
I sell on aquatic jungles and the stuff
that I kind of recommend and talk about
they can handle some low light but
you've gotta feed them so that's kind of
the thing I'm going with here Justin I
don't know if you dirtied your tank or
not I know we talked about it I don't
know if you've ended up doing it sorry
bro I should know that but um so it'd be
interesting to know if he if he hadn't
heard of his tank he would need all that
more light because his plants aren't
getting enough food plants can adapt
it's part of their natural ability to
survive like it the water level goes up
in a stream they have the ability to
just take less water now one of the
things they do is they adjust their
leaves for that so I mean like jungle
bow for example well it's a bad example
but it sometimes people keep it in high
light or like it come it's it's grown in
high light and it's sold into a low
light tank well it'll melt all of its
leaves and come back crypts do the same
thing all those leaves will come back
because they're used to growing in high
light to converting to low light or vice
versa and I want to show this here this
is some anubius just to show you how
plants kind of adapt these suckers turn
their leaves up that is actually upside
down and I just threw them in there when
I got them in and I never planted I'm
gonna look how they're just kind of
growing upside down towards the light
this one's doing it as well so I really
should do something with those only few
of those left on aquatic jungles which
by the way is down right now my hosting
company is killing me
so I apologize to anybody that was
trying to go check some stuff out and
give me a couple of days
and I'll get it brewing but uh you can
see some new growth coming in there as
well
so that's really what I wanted to bring
up couple of their fun things going on
I've been working on this question and
answer book for a while I've got like
one of my assistants put down about 80
it's over like a hundred pages of
questions and answers off my youtube
channel and I'm going through it and
kind of sorting it by like dirt
fish tips and tricks you know people
that are killing fish all these problems
that people have and just kind of going
through it and sorting it out and it's
taking me forever because it sucks
because no one's not like it's an order
so like I'll put it in order so it's
kind of a pain but down I'll show you
over here it's kind of a pain but that's
what I've been doing bumping some
Caillou and Albert any of you guys are
into trance by the way it's a fact that
makes I got brewing there but Tom
something doing that but it was kind of
cool because I've been going through
like way back and seeing some emails
from some old people like Sean thank you
my wife just through let it diaper what
was that but yeah so what was I saying
yeah well some going through some old
emails and I checked up fishtank TV and
I know we're getting close to a thousand
thousand members on the fishtank TV so
that's kind of a big deal as well so I'm
pretty pretty excited about that that
was one of my goals for the years so
thanks for everyone that's on there this
big shout out to Tim thanks for all the
work you're doing on there bro you know
he's the guy just pours himself into it
and it's really great I think people
appreciate it I just took the duckweed
out of here and I want to show something
on this tank as well I'm not running any
kind of filters on here I'm running just
a hair stone
I know rainbows like a little more light
than this or flow than this but that's
what they're getting so I'm gonna kind
of beat that up but um
yeah I'm having a lot of fun and that's
what I wanted to say so you know your
plants can get away with less lighting
if you have better nutrients oh and then
I want I want to have you guys opinion
on some of these um these particular
like lighting you know there's a lot of
lighting and people making fun of my
lighting for it being kind of old-school
I don't care my plants grow but um
there's a lot of new lighting coming out
I want to know what some of your
favorite brands setup styles what you
like what you don't like and I want to
hear about that I just read bought a
bunch of bulbs so I'm not changing
anytime soon but um I don't know I just
kind of looking for that so appreciate
the feedback welcome new subscribers and
we'll just keep doing it